Hi Dhrumil,

This is the master README for team B3's final project. Below I will include a rundown of the various artifacts/deliverables for the project, as well as where they can be found (if they're not contained in this README).


Trello Board/User Stories: https://trello.com/b/G8el0ROH/b3-fake-news


Burndown Chart:


Collaboration in Github: The bulk of our commenting on other's code and/or assistance in fixing bugs etc... happened in person or via Slack. We all sought to make substantive changes to the site in separate feature branches and then merge those changes back in to the master branch. Commits and pull requests include documentation of the changes made. 


Scrum Meetings: see file "B3 Scrum Log.xlsx" in github repo


Retrospective (took place in Slack, reproduced below):

Arjun: Start - maybe make use of the div function from the start to help prevent .css styles from conflicting. Stop: I think we worked really well together. I think it might be worth trying to simplify the styling next time as I've probably spent twice as long on trying to get that working than on my visual and the narrative. Continue- I've really liked the regular communication, team spirit, and sense of humor so I'd say let's maintain the positive work environment and communication habits.

Jake: start - perhaps making more detailed notes from scrum meetings to refer back to later on; stop - I think we did a great job!; continue - checking in with each other regularly to update on how we're doing.

Simon:  Start - using one data set might make it easier and deliver a more coherent project.  Stop - genuinely cannot think of anything to stop.  Continue - thought we worked together really well as a team, good mix of supportiveness, enthusiasm and complementary skills.

Oliver: Start – buy a bit more into the scrum/agile process – embrace the corniness; stop – consolidate site styling into a single css file for the sake of simplicity; continue – emphasis on in-person troubleshooting and debugging.

Alex: Start- more collaboration on the css styles from the beginning, we spent a lot of time getting on the same page at the end. Stop: trying to overcomplicate the design (although the menu bar is great) Continue: communication and effort from all group members was great.

FINAL AGREEMENT

Start – Use of a single, large data set for greater project coherence;

Stop – Consolidate styling into a single css file, rather than multiple, for simplicity;

Continue – Supportiveness, enthusiasm, and emphasis on in-person contacts for assistance/debugging etc…


READMEs for Individual Pages: Each team member has produced a README file that discusses their data, the data transformation, their visualzation and any changes to it etc... per project guidelines. Those files can be found in the visualization-specific folders in the github repo (vis1, vis2, etc...). 